

Bishops, The Game

Short Game(Unrated Social Game : one player eliminated)

Queens stand at random sides of the King to start play and may swap positions with their King on the first move. 
White moves first and play proceeds clockwise.
Checkmate of the King on the immediate left is the goal. Other Kings may be placed in
check or checkmated also. Any opposing colour may
be captured on any move. Opposing pieces may be used to create a check or checkmate
condition. Example White may employ a Black Knight, Pink Bishop and White Queen to check
or checkmate Grey. Pawns move ahead traditionally. A Pawn may check or checkmate a King occupying these spaces. 
Pawns must reach the 8th rank to become a Queen.(for example a8 to h8 for White) Edge pawns may not capture
edge pawns on the first round of moves. Kings may enter their own coloured corner square and become 
immune from check or checkmate, provided that both of their Bishops are not captured. When a King enters
any corner square, both of his Bishops become Queens instantly. Castling is not allowed. If two Queens are
captured, the King must on his next move return to an unoccupied space around the corner
square, but may not move into check. If the King cannot re-enter then he must wait (miss a
turn) until a square is available. The short game proceeds until a checkmate or a player
resigns. That colour is then removed from the board. Play may end now with 3 players
victorious.

Long Game (Rated : three players eliminated)

The next move is made by the next player to the left, or by the player whose King is in Check
as a result of the pieces being removed. When two colours remain, and both remaining Kings
are on the playing area , the game is then played as
Chess in a duel. If a King is not able to move onto the board from a safe corner square when only
two players remain then he will lose the game. To prevent unauthorized reproduction a minor false rule
has been included (not found in the code) in this limited copyright edition.
